pythonapp/readme.md, before:

GENERAL OVERVIEW
================


    DUT Voltage (-V to +V)
    DUT Current (-V to +V)
    Temp sensor (0-3.3V)
    DAC output (0-4096)



USER OPTIONS
============

# Main Feature: Voltage Sweep
-----------------------------

    Options: 

        * when to start
        * when to end
        * voltage increment steps (1, 2, 3, 4.. 100% of Range)
        * Temp data OPTION
        * Live plot OPTION (may be really slow, better to log data then plot after)

## How does voltage sweep work
------------------------------

    Send DAC value (Get Vdut using this)
    Read ADC (Imonitor)

Other options:
    export data as .csv file
    data initially stored in 3d array [I][V][T], will dump to CSV when ready

## CSV STYLE
------------

Use python csv module (?)

    VOLTAGE (mV), CURRENT (mA), Temperature (K)
    x,x,x\n
    x,x,x\n
    x,x,x\n
    x,x,x\n


# TODO (Don't ignore above notes btw)
-------------------------------------

Add pyplot stuff into application.
    
    Plot window space always shown? Or only during plot?
    Real-time plotting?

Use CX_FREEZE to test it under Windows. Nvm, Must be built under Windows also. Installed required libraries on Windows to build already

** ADD CURRENT LIMIT **

# COMMAND LIST
--------------

| COMMAND   | Description                                  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| !V=XXXX\* | Give DAC an output voltage. Must be 4 digits |
| !C?\*     | Read Imonitor                                |
| ----      | Read Temp sensor ** REMOVE                   |
| !V?\*     | Read DUT Voltage                             |


# ADC CONVERSION TABLE
----------------------
| ADC RAW       | Conversion           |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
| 0 -> 4095     | 0 -> +(Vcc\*2)       |
| 4096 -> 8192  | -(Vcc\*2) => 0V      |

Commit message:

Python app now supports sweeping from 0V to Vmax (user set)

pythonapp/readme.md, after:

GENERAL OVERVIEW
================

Curve Tracer Python Gui Application

Purpose: Controls the MSP430 and interprets data to/from it


USER OPTIONS
============

# Main Feature: Voltage Sweep
-----------------------------

    Options: 

        * when to start
        * when to end
        * voltage increment steps (1, 2, 3, 4.. 100% of Range)
        * (If time allows) Live plot OPTION (may be really slow, better to log data then plot after)

## How does voltage sweep work
------------------------------

    Send DAC value (Get Vdut using this)
    Read ADC (Imonitor)

Other options:
    export data as .csv file
    data initially stored in 2d array [I][V], will dump to CSV when ready

## CSV STYLE
------------

Use python csv module (?)

    VOLTAGE (mV), CURRENT (mA)
    x,x\n
    x,x\n
    x,x\n
    x,x\n


# TODO (Application still under development 10.25.14)
-----------------------------------------------------

* Utilize signals & slots (New QT4 style)
* Fix GUI lockup during thread object. (Not behaving like a separate thread...


* Use CX_FREEZE to test it under Windows. Nvm, Must be built under Windows also. Installed required libraries on Windows to build already

** ADD CURRENT LIMIT **

# COMMAND LIST
--------------

| COMMAND   | Description                                  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| !V=XXXX\* | Give DAC an output voltage. Must be 4 digits |
| !C?\*     | Read Imonitor                                |
| ----      | Read Temp sensor ** REMOVE                   |
| !V?\*     | Read DUT Voltage                             |


# ADC CONVERSION TABLE
----------------------
| ADC RAW       | Conversion           |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
| 0 -> 4095     | 0 -> +(Vcc\*2)       |
| 4096 -> 8192  | -(Vcc\*2) => 0V      |
